(Usagi) [screams]
[astonished gasps]
(Usagi) Ami and Taiki are tied
for top scores again!
Taiki is really something to be
able to go toe-to-toe with Ami,
don't you think?
Yeah, tell me about it!
Wait, that's it!
What's it?
I'm gonna go ask Taiki to help
me out with my homework!
Oh! I want that too!
[speechless]
Hey, Taiki!
I was doing the math homework we
got, but I got really confused!
Could you help me out?
I need some help too.
[giggles]
Hmph!
Go ahead. You can copy my notes.
[excited gasps]
Thank you! [annoyed grunt]
What are you doing, Minako!?
I should have it first!
(Usagi) Why's that?!
(Minako) Because! I got here
before you did!
Yeah, sure, but by one second,
maybe. [grunts] Why should that
matter?
[grunts] Even if it was by a
hundred thousandth of a second,
first, it's still first!
(Usagi) You're always using
silly arguments like that,
Minako!
(Minako) Haven't you heard the
saying, "The early bird is
mightier than the sword?!"
(Usagi) Never heard of it!
I believe you mean, "The early
bird gets the worm," right?
[horrified gasps]
[stuttering]
[cry of despair]
That's odd. Those two haven't
asked for help lately. I wonder
why.
(Usagi) "A Star of Dreams and
Wishes: Taiki's Transformation."
(Ami) Mr. Amanogawa!
Mm? Miss Mizuno!
In a few more days, we'll
finally be able to see the comet
that you discovered!
Ahh. I haven't seen Francoise in
fifteen years now.
Francoise?
Oh! Yes, the comet.
I'm happy she's finally
returning from her long journey
through space.
[giggles] The way you talk about
the comet makes it sound like
your lover!
[embarrassed] Well...
I calculated the exact time when
it'll be visible. It's tomorrow
at...
(Taiki) 9:15pm.
Huh?
It'll be to the south.
Visible for just ten minutes as
it passes through the
constellation Centaurus.
Aren't you one of the new
transfer students?
Yes.
I'm so honored to have two
students at this school who are
aware of my research.
On the contrary sir, the honor
is mine. You were invited by
Cambridge University...
to join their research team at
the Institute of Theoretical
Astronomy.
I must admit I was a bit
surprised to learn this about
our very own physics teacher.
You seem to know a lot about me.
It was in the handout I was
given.
Handout?
You're involved in a taping for
a children's show, isn't that
right?
Yes.
Well, I happen to be hosting
that program with you. That's
why I was briefed on your work.
Ah, I see!
Sir, why haven't you taken up
the offer to go to Cambridge?
I suppose, I'd rather observe
the stars than study them, ya
know?
Looking up at the night sky, it
excites my imagination.
Questions about where we came
from, and where we go.
I never realized that you were
such a dreamer.
[laughing] Well, the universe
is filled with dreams and
wonder.
With all due respect, such
things have no place in a
learning environment.
Huh?
That's not true, Taiki. It's
because of his wonder of the
universe...
that he ended up discovering
Wataru's Comet in the first
place.
Your name is Ami, correct?
Yes.
I can't believe I share the top
grades with someone who'd say
that.
Huh?
[awkward sighs]
I have an idea! How would you
two like to come visit my place
tomorrow night?
We can watch
the comet together!
Sure!
[sad sigh]
(Makoto) Wataru's Comet?
Mr. Amanogawa invited me to come
watch it tomorrow night.
Can you imagine having a comet
with your name roaming the deep
reaches of the universe?
It sounds so romantic.
It sure does! Maybe Mamo and I
could discover a comet and call
it "Usagi & Mamo's Comet."
Wouldn't that be great?
[sighs] Sure, Usagi.
But, why do you think he calls
the comet Francoise though?
I'll bet it's the name of the
person who broke his heart.
[awkward laughter]
I think it's the name of his
sweetheart.
I was actually thinking the same
thing myself. She must be a
really wonderful person.
Someone wonderful with Mr.
Amanogawa?
[goofy laugh]
Oh! [giggling]
On to more important matters,
Ami.
A little birdie told me he's
gonna be appearing on TV today
with Taiki.
How did you know that?
I think we should go and tell
them that we're his students.
Then they'd have to let us into
the taping!
[impressed sighs]
"Wataru's Comet makes its first
near-Earth approach in 15
years."
Oh! This is who discovered it? I
have to say, I quite like what
I'm seeing.
(Nezu) Plus discovering a comet
is a pretty impressive feat.
It's decided then! He will be my
next target.
(Amanogawa) In conclusion, there
are still many, many stars that
we don't know about yet.
Who knows! Perhaps they're out
there, waiting for one of you to
discover them someday.
Thank you very much.
Now, does anyone here have a
question for Mr. Amanogawa?
I do! I do! Me! I have a
question! Pick me! Call on me!
Huh. Who should I pick?
(Kids) Me! Me! I do! I have a
question!
How about you in the upper row,
in the blue sweatshirt.
Hello, sir. My grandfather told
me that when we die, we go on to
become the stars in the sky.
Is that really true?
[giggling]
Yes, that very well could be.
Huh?
A number of myths and legends
speak upon this manner of
reincarnation...
that your Grandfather described.
It's possible that in order to
help guide us on our way...
our ancestors returned to us as
stars.
I see!
Mr. Amanogawa sure knows a lot
of stuff, doesn't he.
Yes.
Sir.
Huh?
That's not how it works. The
dead can't become stars.
[gasps]
It's the power from living
people that creates the stars.
[excited/curious murmuring]
[intrigued]
Huh?
"The power from living people
creates the stars." Hmm.
I didn't know Taiki was such a
romantic!
Huh?
(Taiki) Thanks for waiting.
Hey, Taiki!
So what did you wish to speak to
me about, Ami?
Um, tomorrow night.
I wondered if you'd reconsider
going with us to our teacher's
place, to watch the comet.
Seriously? Are you still
obsessed with all of that?
You don't even see the reality
you're facing, do you.
What do you mean?
Your "wonder of the universe,"
is no match against the weather.
[gasps]
The weather reports say there's
a 100% chance of rain tomorrow,
too. Good luck.
(Ami) I won't give up hope!
Like I said, dreams and wonder
are what helped make Wataru's
Comet become reality!
[chuckles]
You can spout idealism all you
like, but it isn't gonna stop
this rain.
[speechless]
I'll join you if the weather
gets better.
You okay?
(Usagi) Ami, let's go home.
Uh?
Cheer up, don't worry.
But...
I'm sure the sky will clear up.
Everything will be fine.
Thanks, Usagi.
I won't give up hope!
Like I said, dreams and wonder
are what helped make Wataru's
Comet become reality.
[gasps]
This must be the place.
It's not letting up.
Sometimes, things are out of our
control.
But...!
Hm?
Yes?
(Nezu) Hello, I'm a producer
with Ginga TV. Do you have a few
minutes?
I'm very sorry, but...
I'd like to keep this interview
short if that's possible.
I think there's been some
mistake. The person I'm looking
to interview is Mr. Amanogawa.
Huh? Yeah, that's me.
Not his Dad! I mean the
astronomer.
Yes. I'm Wataru Amanogawa.
Huh?!
Nooooo!
This man in the picture is you?!
Let me see.
Ahh. This is from 15 years
ago.
Man, really? In other words,
he's not so cute anymore.
Oh well, it can't be helped.
[gasps]
Chuu!
What are you?!
Oh!
(Nezu) Those rugged good
looks!
I take it back, you're quite
handsome after all. I can expect
promising results from you.
[fearful breaths]
May I take your Star Seed?
Pretty please?
[screams]
What was that?!
[screaming]
[panting] Oh, no!
Yes! This has to be a true Star
Seed!
(Nezu) Or maybe not.
[aggravated scream]
(Ami) What have you done to
him?!
[devious chuckle]
What's happening?!
Sailor Teacher!
Alright, Sailor Teacher, teach
that girl there a lesson!
Stop!
You need to study!
I'll leave the curriculum to
you.
You've been slacking off,
haven't you?!
[grunting]
Mr. Amanogawa!
What should I do? I can't
transform and blow my cover.
Study, study, study! Get those
grades up!
[scared yelp]
Please, sir! Remember who you
are! Tonight is the night we
can watch your comet!
[laughing]
I can't get her words out of my
mind, how silly.
(Ami) [screams]
That's Ami's voice! [grunts]
You need to study!
[grunts]
Please, stop!
Maker Star Power Make Up!
You need to study!
[grunts]
[grunts in pain]
Study!
(Sailor Maker) That's what you
should be doing!
Huh?
Who are you?!
The wandering shooting star that
cuts through darkness!
I am Sailor Star Maker!
Stage on!
You should study too!
Hmph!
Star Gentle Uterus!
[scream of fear]
[grunts]
[groans]
Why did you do that?!
Because this teacher is a
person who I respect. Please,
don't hurt him!
[taken aback]
Study!
Hah!
Ow! My hand!
(Sailor Maker) Listen, he's a
Phage now.
The teacher you admired no
longer exists as you remembered
him.
No, there has to be a way!
A way to turn him back into the
person who talked about dreams
and wonder.
Are those things that important
to you?
Chasing after our dreams and
seeing wonder in the world!
That's what gives us the spark
that drives us as human beings!
[gasps]
That's not true, Taiki. It's
because of his wonder of the
universe...
that he ended up discovering
Wataru's Comet in the first
place.
[chuckles] So that's what
you meant by that.
Hmph!
Time for you both...
[grunts]
...to study!
Not looking good for the comet
viewing.
Yeah, I thought it would've
cleared up by now.
(Ami) [screams]
[gasps]
Usagi!
Hmm.
Moon Eternal Make Up!
Study!
(Sailor Moon) I don't wanna!
Who just said that?!
How dare you bully Juban High's
top student, Ami Mizuno, the
walking encyclopedia.
It's unforgivable! And just for
the record, I really suck at
studying! But anyway...
I am the Pretty Guardian who
fights for love and for justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
It's Sailor Moon!
Thank goodness you're here.
First order of business, sit
down at your desk!
Why?!
Next, take out your textbook!
No!
Now take out your corresponding
notes!
[distressed dodging]
You're giving me a headache!
And finally, study!
Star Gentle Uterus!
[grunting]
No!
[pained grunt]
Don't worry. I reduced the force
by half.
Huh?
I couldn't do serious harm to
someone you respected.
Sailor Moon! You ready?
Hmm.
[strained] Stu...dy...
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
Beautiful!
It worked! Thank y- [speechless]
(Usagi) Ami, the rain stopped!
What?
[happy sigh]
We'll be able to see it soon.
[giggling] Yay! So exciting!
[happy giggle]
[happy squeal] He's here!
Well, I did promise that I'd
come by if the rain happened to
stop.
[happy sigh]
(Amanogawa) Ah! Wataru's Comet
is right on schedule.
You mean Francoise, don't you?
Uh! [laughing]
(Taiki) I can see the sense of
wonder that you spoke of.
I'll cherish my dreams and
inspiration like you have.
[happy nod]
I get to see it next after
Taiki!
No, I'm next!
Nuh-uh, I called it before you.
Oh, gimme a break! You called it
like, one second before I did,
so it shouldn't even matter!
Oh, yeah? Well even if it was
only by one millionth of a
second, first is still first!
(Minako) Hey, wait a minute!
That's the same thing I said!
(Usagi) Then you should agree!
(Makoto) Now, now, you two.
Here's an idea! How about I go
first.
Then you won't have to fight
about it!
(Usagi and Minako)
No way, Mako!
(Everyone) [laughing]
(Luna) I, Luna, have decided to
live with Yaten starting today.
(Usagi) What are you talking
about? There's no way he'd agree
to keep you at his place.
(Luna) Oh, but that's where
you're as wrong as chocolate
syrup on eggs.
Yaten and I are bound by a
red thread of fate!
(Usagi) I don't see it.
(Luna) Silly Usagi, love is
something the eyes can't see.
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Luna's Discovery: The
Real Face of Yaten."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.